Spreadsheet Help

Basics:

-Startup: 

Upon startup, the default location is cell A1. Click on the desired cell
to be edited and change the contents in the cell Contents box. Press enter or use
any arrow key to update the cell contents displayed. 


-Allowed cell content type: 

The spreadsheet will take any text, number value, or formula as indicated by starting 
with an "=" operator and containing any valid cell name, any +,-,/,* operators, and any number
value. 

Errors will be thrown if user attempts to divide by zero, an invalid formula, or referencing a
cell that causes a circular dependency. 

SpreadsheetUtilities.FormulaError is displayed when a user attempts to divide by zero and will 
occupy the contents of the cell. An invalid formula or a circular dependency will cause the 
spreadsheet to reset the cell to its original contents. 

-Editible fields: 

The Cell contents box is editable by the user, but the Cell Name and Cell Value boxes are displayed
based on user input and can not be manually edited. 



ToolBar Folders:

File Folder Basics: 

-New: This will display a new blank spreadsheet on a seperate tab. 

-Save: This will save the user's work. If the user did not open this file from an existing file,
the user will be prompted to name and pick a file location on their system. Files are saved in .sprd 
format. 

-Save As: This will save the user's work and allow to save as a new file into a location on their system.
Files are saved in .sprd format. 

-Open From Existing: This allows the user to choose an existing .sprd file from their system. The user can 
filter their search between .sprd files and All File types. 

-Close: This allows a user to close their spreadsheet window. If the spreadsheet has been changed but not saved, 
an error dialog will show a save warning. This warning will prompt the user to save, not save, or cancel their
close operation. If the spreadsheet has not been changed since the last save or the spreadsheet is empty, 
the spreadsheet tab will simply close. 


Function Tab: 

Sum:
- The Sum tool helps the user to sum any number of selected cells. To activate, navigate first to the cell
to display the calculated sum. Next, press the Sum button. Then, click all cells to add together. 
This follows the standard error protocal, so be sure to select cells with existing values and no 
circular dependencies or errors. Finally, click the Calculate button which appears after the first
Sum button has been pressed. This will display the sum on the specified starting cell. 

If the user wishes to cancel this operation, the user should simply click cancel and no changes will be made. 

Pinkify:
- This is a fun extra feature which turns the background of the sheet pink when pressed. To undo this
operation, simply navigate to the pinkify button and press again.


Warning: Clicking the red x on the top right of the spreadsheet tab will close without saving and terminate the window.